#Centralized Logging Solution
-> The Centralised logging approach enables us to consolidate all the logs from distributed application services and monitor them 
from one interface. 
-> It provides easy access to logs for analysis in one single dashboard and we do not have to search on each server to troubleshoot.

-> The most popular implementation of a centralized logging solution is Elastic Search, Logstash, Kibana (ELK). 
-> However, these can also be replaced with alternatives.


#Central Logging in Microservice - ELK (Elastic-Search, Logstash, Kibana)
The ELK Stack began as a collection of three open-source products — Elasticsearch, Logstash, and Kibana 
— all developed, managed and maintained by Elastic. 
The introduction and subsequent addition of Beats turned the stack into a four legged project.

"Elasticsearch" is a full-text search and analysis engine, based on the Apache Lucene open source search engine. 

"Logstash" is a log aggregator that collects data from various input sources, executes different transformations and enhancements and 
then ships the data to various supported output destinations. 
It's important to know that many modern implementations of ELK do not include Logstash. 
To replace its log processing capabilities, most turn to lightweight alternatives like Fluentd, which can also collect logs from data sources and forward them to Elasticsearch. 

"Kibana" is a visualization layer that works on top of Elasticsearch, providing users with the ability to analyze and visualize the data. 
And last but not least — Beats are lightweight agents that are installed on edge hosts to collect different types of data for forwarding into the stack.

Together, these different components are most commonly used for monitoring, troubleshooting and securing IT environments 
(though there are many more use cases for the ELK Stack such as business intelligence and web analytics). 
Beats and (formerly) Logstash take care of data collection and processing, Elasticsearch indexes and stores the data, and Kibana provides a user interface for querying the data and visualizing it.
