#Amazon S3 - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/Welcome.html
-> Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) is an object storage service that offers industry-leading scalability, data availability, 
    security, and performance. 
-> Customers of all sizes and industries can use Amazon S3 to store and protect any amount of data for a range of use cases, 
    such as data lakes, websites, mobile applications, backup and restore, archive, enterprise applications, IoT devices, and 
    big data analytics. 
-> Amazon S3 provides management features so that you can optimize, organize, and configure access to your data to meet your 
    specific business, organizational, and compliance requirements.

#Features of Amazon S3
1. Storage classes
-> Amazon S3 offers a range of storage classes designed for different use cases. 
For example, you can store mission-critical production data in "S3 Standard" for frequent access, 
    save costs by storing infrequently accessed data in "S3 Standard-IA or S3 One Zone-IA", and 
    archive data at the lowest costs in "S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval, S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval, and S3 Glacier Deep Archive".

2. Storage management
-> Amazon S3 has storage management features that you can use to manage costs, meet regulatory requirements, reduce latency, and 
    save multiple distinct copies of your data for compliance requirements.
    A. "S3 Lifecycle" => Configure a lifecycle configuration to manage your objects and store them cost effectively 
        throughout their lifecycle. 
    You can transition objects to other S3 storage classes or expire objects that reach the end of their lifetimes.

    B. "S3 Object Lock" => Prevent Amazon S3 objects from being deleted or overwritten for a fixed amount of time or indefinitely. 
    You can use Object Lock to help meet regulatory requirements that require write-once-read-many (WORM) storage or 
    to simply add another layer of protection against object changes and deletions.
    
    C. "S3 Replication" => Replicate objects and their respective metadata and object tags to one or more destination buckets in 
        the same or different AWS Regions for reduced latency, compliance, security, and other use cases.
    
    D. "S3 Batch Operations" => Manage billions of objects at scale with a single S3 API request or a few clicks in the Amazon S3 console. 
    You can use Batch Operations to perform operations such as Copy, Invoke AWS Lambda function, and Restore on millions or billions of objects.


3. Access management and security


4. Data processing


5. Storage logging and monitoring


6. Analytics and insights


7. Strong consistency









