1. Setting up Apache JMeter
    The first step is to go to the Apache JMeter folder
    Go inside the bin folder 
    Select the JMeter .bat file
    Double click on this file

2. Adding a Thread Group 
    Right-click on the Performance Testing
    Go to add, then go to Threads (Users) and select Thread Group

    Here, the thread group can be understood as users, i.e., the number of users. 

    - It has several options, like 
    -> Action to be taken after there is an error: you can choose it the way you want
    -> Then, there is a “number of threads” where you can choose the number of users you want
    -> Then, there is a “ramp-up period in seconds” that states the time gap between the users' hits
    -> There is a “loop count” option where you can choose how many times the test will run for the  number of users. You can also choose the test to run infinite times 
    -> There is also a scheduler here to help you schedule the start time and the test's end time
    -> For now, make the number  of threads to be 2. And loop count to be 100.

3. Adding HTTP Request
Right-click on the Thread group, go to add option and go to the sampler option
In the menu that appears, select the HTTP request option
You can see a Server Name or IP box; it will give the server name or the IP in that. 

This demo will use Simplilearn's website, here.

Go to Simplilearn's website : www.simplilearn.com
Copy the URL from here
Come back to the JMeter window 
Paste the URL in the Server Name box
Don't give http or HTTPS since these are protocols that will come in the other box and that will be automatically taken in the http request case.

In the path dialog box, leave a forward slash.

The forward slash is used since the aim is to access the route page.

Here, this demo will rename this HTTP request as Simple.

4. Adding Listeners 
-> Listeners are something that is used to provide the outputs of a load test.
You can use three different listeners here to have an idea about the representation that the JMeter provides

Right-click on the Thread Group
Go to Add, select the Listener option, and go for the view Results in Tree option


5. Running the Test
